In this deliverable, you must implement the instructor functionality. This includes viewing
all scheduled fitness classes, scheduling a class that the instructor will teach, and editing
their existing classes.

The instructor is able to view a list of all scheduled classes. They are also able to search by
class name (ex. “Karate” or “Tai Chi”) and instructor names (including their own name).

An instructor user can choose to teach a class. To do so, the instructor selects the type of
fitness they will teach (from the options that the admin created). Then the instructor
selects the difficulty level (beginner, intermediate, or advanced), the day of the week, and
the time interval that the class will be scheduled for. Finally, the instructor enters a
maximum capacity for the class.

The instructor user can also cancel a class. This removes the class and all specified details
(day, hours, difficulty level, and class capacity).

An instructor cannot schedule a class that is already scheduled by another instructor on
the same day. (Ex. instructor cannot schedule a HIIT class on Thursday if there already
exists a HIIT class on Thursday). Either include a valid error message upon saving, or
change the UI to reflect this case.

MARKING

(10 marks) Updated UML class diagram based on deliverable 2 description. (adding onto the UML
           diagram from deliverable 1)
           (-2 for each missing class)
           (-2 for incorrect generalization)
           (-0.5 for each incorrect multiplicity)
           (-0.5 for each missing attribute)
(20 marks) 5 Unit test cases related to deliverable 1 or 2
(5 marks)  Instructor can view all scheduled classes
(10 marks) Instructor can search for a class by:
           - Class name (5 points)
           - Instructor name (5 points)
(10 marks) Instructor can create a class by selecting the type of class (ex. yoga) and then
           choosing the class day, hours, difficulty level, and capacity limit
(10 marks) Instructor can edit the class day, hours, difficulty level, and capacity for classes
           they are instructing
(10 marks) Instructor can cancel a class. This deletes the existing class details (day, hours,
           difficulty, capacity)
(15 marks) Instructor cannot schedule a class that is already scheduled by another instructor
           on the same day. (Ex. instructor cannot schedule a HIIT class on Thursday if there
           already exists a HIIT class on Thursday). Either include a valid error message upon
           saving, or change the UI to reflect this case.
(10 marks) All fields are validated along with a valid error message. For instance, users should
           not be able to enter an invalid number for class capacity. (-1 for each field related
           to deliverable 2 where the user input is not validated)
(5 marks, bonus) OPTIONAL Instructor sees the name of the other instructor when prevented from
                 scheduling the same class on the same day.
